README.md, before:

# Follow-Up Repository for Yolal

## Contents

- [Personal Summary](#personal-summary)
- [Online Course](#online-course)
- [Textbooks](#textbooks) 
- [CV Development](#cv-development)
- [LinkedIn](#linkedin)
- [GitHub Usage](#github-usage)


## Personal Summary

> Add here which career path you want to follow.

> Also add here what are the fields you would like to work on.

> Add here what are you good at.

> Combine all of them to create you personal summary that will be a concise paragraf that talks about you. (Something like a LinkedIn summary)

## Online Course
- List the Online Course
- [Internet Connection: How to get Online](https://www.coursera.org/learn/internet-connection-how-to-get-online)

## Textbooks
- List the Textbooks to follow

## CV Development

> Your CV is one of the most important key elements to prepare you for after-school. 

> Prepare your CV, Updatable format (docx, latex, template), PDF of current version

> Update your CV's version every month (It is okay not to change something every month but check with yourself every month to keep CV updated)

> I personally recommend using Latex, because looks professional. I also recommend to have a GitHub Repository to store CV since Git has an automatic version control.

> For example [myCV](https://github.com/eneskemalergin/My_CV) is on GitHub and developed using Latex 

> If you have CV as a GitHub account, add the link under this section

## LinkedIn

> Add here you LinkedIn account

> Always keep your LinkedIn updated

> Follow Relevant Influencers, Schools, Organizations

> Select an option to ve visible yourself to recruiters

> In the Job section you should select your interest so the job offers and ads will come from those interests

## GitHub Usage

> Add here the hierarchy of your GitHub Repositories.



>> Will continue adding sections and content

Commit message:

Adding section for fields of CyberSecurity

README.md, after:

# Follow-Up Repository for Yolal

## Contents

- [Personal Summary](#personal-summary)
- [Online Course](#online-course)
- [Textbooks](#textbooks) 
- [CV Development](#cv-development)
- [LinkedIn](#linkedin)
- [GitHub Usage](#github-usage)


## Personal Summary

> Add here which career path you want to follow.

> Also add here what are the fields you would like to work on.

> Add here what are you good at.

> Combine all of them to create you personal summary that will be a concise paragraf that talks about you. (Something like a LinkedIn summary)

### The Fields under the CyberSecurity:
- Field 1
- Field 2
- ...

### The Field you want to work on:

## Online Course
- List the Online Course
- [Internet Connection: How to get Online](https://www.coursera.org/learn/internet-connection-how-to-get-online)

## Textbooks
- List the Textbooks to follow

## CV Development

> Your CV is one of the most important key elements to prepare you for after-school. 

> Prepare your CV, Updatable format (docx, latex, template), PDF of current version

> Update your CV's version every month (It is okay not to change something every month but check with yourself every month to keep CV updated)

> I personally recommend using Latex, because looks professional. I also recommend to have a GitHub Repository to store CV since Git has an automatic version control.

> For example [myCV](https://github.com/eneskemalergin/My_CV) is on GitHub and developed using Latex 

> If you have CV as a GitHub account, add the link under this section

## LinkedIn

> Add here you LinkedIn account

> Always keep your LinkedIn updated

> Follow Relevant Influencers, Schools, Organizations

> Select an option to ve visible yourself to recruiters

> In the Job section you should select your interest so the job offers and ads will come from those interests

## GitHub Usage

> Add here the hierarchy of your GitHub Repositories.



>> Will continue adding sections and content
